# Prereqs
- npm and nodejs accessible from the terminal
- Stage 1 cloned: https://github.com/andrewdownie/react-frontend-series

# Notes
* If a step starts with "Fill in", "Hook up" the related code is in a file in this folder.
* I am planning of adding more explaination of what is being added after I have the entirety of this tutorial series layed out

# Tutorial
1. Open the stage 1 tutorial in VSCode
2. Open the VSCode terminal
3. install the following npm packages:  
    a. npm i redux  
    b. npm i react-redux  
    c. npm i redux-devtools-extension  
    d. npm i immer  
    e. npm i classnames
4. In order to make use of the redux-devtools-extension you will need to install the Redux DevTools chrome extension published by remotedevio. https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/redux-devtools/lmhkpmbekcpmknklioeibfkpmmfibljd?hl=en
5. Create two folders in the src/ folder  
    a. actions  
    b. reducers
6. Create a file that we will use to hold all of our redux action creators, and action type constants.
    a. src/actions/index.js
7. In the src/reducers create 5 .js files:  
    a. src/reducers/index.js  
    b. src/reducers/todos.js  
    c. src/reducers/categories.js  
    d. src/reducers/selectedCategory.js  
    e. src/reducers/layout.js
8. Fill in the src/reducers/index.js file
9. Fill in the src/reducers/todos.js
10. Fill in the src/reducers/categories.js
11. Fill in the src/reducers/selectedCategory.js
12. Fill in the src/reducers/layout.js
13. Hook up our app to redux (src/index.js)
14. Hook up src/components/TitleBar.js
15. Hook up src/components/MainArea.js
16. Hook up src/components/AddTodo.js
17. Hook up src/components/TodoList.js
18. Hook up src/components/CategoryDrawer.js
19. Hook up src/components/AddCategory.js
20. Hook up src/components/CategoryList.js